good morning Bailey uh operation wonder
park is it go they said it couldn't be
done said it couldn't be done
they who's they it's just an expression
don't bust me on a technicality
[Applause]
I never want you to stop using your
imagination but without wrecking the
neighborhood the ever feel like wonder
Park is real of course it could be you
can create anything you imagine from
paramount animation and Nickelodeon
movies why is this here
one at the park you always imagine I'm
in wonder Park
[Music]
came to life the chimpanzees are tearing
apart to park we need to fight back
Oh No
seems I have backed into the middle of
something backing out beep beep on March
15th it's time to bring Wonder Park back
to life
who's with me oh I still believe in you
if you can imagine it you can ride it
the sky player the fantastic fish
carousel
[Applause]
0g lat
I'm Marla two feet on the ground kinda
guy the Wonder coaster you guys did
block the wheels right oh that's what
this is for
[Music]
this is beginning to feel like a
terrible turn of events for us all
wunderbar everyone look away I'm going
to throw up
Peter's March 15th
[Music]
you